On the frontend in the finish edit handler function, in the feed.js
file, there
I'll ignore the image upload for now,
I want to now reach my graphql endpoint and create a new user. For that
first of all I will get rid of this code because I will not send this request to different urls
anymore and I'll not use different methods,
it's always the same url and the same method, localhost8080 graphql and the method simply is
post.
The body is also not my form data
but here I'll create a new query with let because this will change when we edit the post later and my
query here is graphql
query, my query here is defined as before, query and then this is a multi-line string with back ticks,
it then actually is a mutation and the mutation is create post. To that
I need to send the data I did on my graphiql user interface,
so actually I can copy that here, move that over there and now replace these hardcoded values with
dynamic values.
So here for the title I will pass post data title, for the content
I will pass post data content and for the image
I'll keep that to some url for now
until we have a real image.
I get back the ID and title,
now let me first of all send this in a stringified version, the graphql query and then let's do something
with the response.
Now again this way of handling it will not really work,
so let's instead copy the code we use an app.js where I check for errors on the extracted
response body and
therefore I do it here,
then I log my response data and you see I'm interested in the ID title, content, creator and createdAt
here,
so I should actually retrieve all of that.
So in my query I get the ID, title, content, image
url, creator and createdAt date.
By the way, the creator if you have a look at my schema is again a more complex object,
it's a user object.
So for the creator, we need to be more specific and that is the cool thing about graphql,
we can really drill into the data and here
let's say I'm only interested in the name and indeed I am,
I don't care about the ID or email.
In this scenario here, I want the name so that I can render that onto the screen next to my posts and this
shows the power of graphql really well, we get exactly the data we need. Well
now with that, we send the post request. Here for extracting the data, we'll have some problems
but first of all let's focus on what we log to the console and see if that works.
So back to our application, I am still logged in because I have a valid token and I do still attach
this token by the way here
but we also need another header,
we need to add the content type and set that to application json, that is required
so make sure you add this
and now back in the application, click new post, add a duck,
you have to choose the image here even though it's not uploaded
otherwise you can't submit and then I'll add my lovely duck.
And here I get an error which was expected
but I also see a console log which actually doesn't look too bad.
I do have all the data I entered and we can now have a look at mongodb
compass and there if I refresh this and look into my post collection, I indeed see a post
with the data I entered, with that creator
ending with aa1 and
if I have a look at my users, I see that it's that user and there on the posts,
I am unfortunately missing my post. So that is one thing I will need to tweak but the rest is already
working really well.
Now let's make sure we add that post here too
and then of course let's make sure we extract the data on the frontend correctly so that we also render
that post. For that
by the way, we'll also have to make sure we load all posts initially though.